[EDU-4130] feat: add guide - new template bot with firewall (#796)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/templates/bot-with-firewall.mdx

- Have the **Edge Functions** module enabled in your account.
    - To do so, go to the [Billing & Subscriptions](https://manager.azion.com/billing-subscriptions/subscriptions?active_tab=subscriptions) section and activate the switch for the module.
    - If this module is activated, executing this template could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information.
- Launch the latest version of the **Bot Manager** integration.
    - Go to [Azion Marketplace](https://console.azion.com/marketplace) to install this integration by clicking the **Get it Now** button. Check the [How to install Azion Bot Manager](/en/documentation/products/guides/bot-manager/) guide for more details.
    - If you didn't install the Bot Manager function before deploying this template, the execution will fail and a log explaining the reason will be printed.

---

## Getting the template

> To use this template, access [Azion Console](https://console.azion.com/) and select the **Start with a template** option on the homepage.

Author: ```suggestion
To use this template, access [Azion Console](https://console.azion.com/) and click the + Create button on the homepage.
```

> This will open a modal where you can select the **Templates** > **Add Bot Manager to existent Edge Firewall** card.

Author: ```suggestion
This will open a modal where you can select **Templates** > **Add Bot Manager to existent Edge Firewall** card.
```

> This will open a new page where you can select the **Add Bot Manager to existent Edge Firewall** card.

Author: ```suggestion
This will open a modal where you can select the **Templates** > **Add Bot Manager to existent Edge Firewall** card.
```

- Have the **Edge Functions** module enabled in your account.
    - To do so, go to the [Billing & Subscriptions](https://manager.azion.com/billing-subscriptions/subscriptions?active_tab=subscriptions) section and activate the switch for the module.
    - If this module is activated, executing this template could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information.
- Launch the latest version of the **Bot Manager** integration.
    - Go to [Azion Marketplace](https://console.azion.com/marketplace) to install this integration by clicking the **Get it Now** button. Check the [How to install Azion Bot Manager](/en/documentation/products/guides/bot-manager/) guide for more details.
    - If you didn't install the Bot Manager function before deploying this template, the execution will fail and a log explaining the reason will be printed.

---

## Getting the template

> To use this template, access access [Azion Console](https://console.azion.com/) and select the **Start with a template** option on the homepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this template, access [Azion Console](https://console.azion.com/) and select the **Start with a template** option on the homepage.
```

This will open a new page where you can select the **Add Bot Manager to existent Edge Firewall** card.

---

## Setting up the template

Once you're on the template's page, click the **Settings** tab to open the configuration form and provide the information to configure your application:

- **Edge Firewall ID** *: the ID of your existing Edge Firewall instance to add the Bot Manager instance.
    - To get the ID, you can go to the [Edge Firewall page](https://console.azion.com/edge-firewall), select the one you want to use, and copy the ID in the URL. You can also get it via [Azion API](https://api.azion.com/#f65afb4f-9d02-443b-87b3-a22b960481d2).
    - This field is mandatory.

After completing all the information, click the **Next** button, located in the bottom-right corner. This will start the deployment process.

---

## Deploying the template

> You can follow the deployment process through a window showing off the logs. When it's complete, the *deployment* page appears, confirming the edge application has been successfully created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the deployment process through a window showing off the logs. When it's complete, the *deployment* page appears, confirming the Edge Firewall instance has been successfully created.
```

:::note
If it doesn't comply with any of the requirements, the execution will fail and a log explaining the reason will be printed.
:::

This page shows information about the application and some options to continue your journey.

:::note
The link to the edge application allows you to see it on the browser. However, it takes a certain time to propagate and configure the application in Azion's edge locations. It may be necessary to wait a few minutes for the URL to be activated and for the application page to be effectively displayed in the browser.
:::

Now you can [manage and adjust the settings](#managing-the-template) through Azion Console.

### Key configurations

The template verifies if the account complies with the requirements (if the latest version of Bot Manager is installed, the informed Edge Firewall instance exists, and the Edge Functions module is enabled) to create a function instance of the Bot Manager and create a Rules Engine rule to execute the function instance.

If it doesn't comply with any of the requirements, the execution will fail and a log explaining the reason will be printed.

The function instance has the following JSON Args:

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```json
```

{
  "threshold": 10,
  "action": "allow",
  "internal_logs": 2
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
